Sample app to showcase all_of auth scheme (#6)
microsoft/azureconfidentialledger-app-samples: all-of-auth/README.md

# Banking application

This is a sample application to demostrate the use of "all of" authentication scheme.
Refer to https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/build_apps/js_app_bundle.html for more details 
about the authentication schemes supported in CCF.

## Use case

Use a certificate and a token (JWT) for authentication and authorization.

## What the application does

This application provides a REST API with the following endpoints:

- PUT `/app/logs/{key_op}`
  - write a log entry for the {key_op}. The log entry is supplied in the body.
  - can be invoked by an user (identified by a certificate) with the 'log_writer' role.
  - status code for success: 204

### Scenario in the demo

The app defines a role called the 'log_writer' with permission to write a log entry. The caller
authenticates with a certificate. The app expects a Microsoft Entra ID token to be supplied in the 'Authorization' header.

> Up on receiving a request, the app validates the certificate followed by the token using the 'all of' authentication scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon receiving a request, the app validates the certificate followed by the token using the 'all of' authentication scheme.
```
